refactor(faq): use consistent examples (#1228)
discordjs/guide: guide/popular-topics/faq.md

### How do I unban a user?

```js
const user = interaction.options.getUser('target');
guild.members.unban(user);
```

::: tip

> The <DocsLink path="class/CommandInteractionOptionResolver?scrollTo=getUser" /> method parses user ids into <DocsLink path="class/User" /> instances even if the target is not in the server where the command is used.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Discord validates and resolves user ids for users not on the server in user slash command options. To retrieve and use the full structure from the resulting interaction, you can use the <DocsLink path="class/CommandInteractionOptionResolver?scrollTo=getUser" /> method.
```

Semantical nit, it's not the getUser method that does anything special, it's discord that does the magic here. If the method did the resolving this would rely on the user cache, but in reality, retrieves it from the interaction payload
